

https://www.psychologicalscience.org/news/releases/breakthroughs-and-discoveries-in-psychological-science-2020-year-in-review.html

   Breakthroughs and Discoveries in Psychological Science: 2020 Year in Review Many of the major news stories of 2020 were closely tied to understanding human behavior, including efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19, understand political divides and social conflicts, and address enduring racial disparities and inequality.   A wealth of research published by the Association for Psychological Science (APS) addresses these and other important topics. The following is a selection of some of APS’s 


https://www.transformationsnetwork.com/post/8-groundbreaking-discoveries-in-psychology-from-2020

   8 Groundbreaking Discoveries in Psychology from 2020  The future of mental health and potential treatments relies heavily on amazing, eye-opening research. Though there is a wealth of information out there about an array of psychology-related topics, it’s impossible to know everything or too much when it comes to the human mind. Whether the topics range from the science of addiction, preventing cognitive changes in the brain, or innovative treatment methods like transcranial magnetic stimulation


https://www.onlinepsychologydegree.info/influential-psychological-experiments/

   The 25 Most Influential Psychological Experiments in History The field of psychology is a very broad field comprised of many smaller specialty areas. Each of these specialty areas has been strengthened over the years by research studies designed to prove or disprove theories and hypotheses that pique the interests of psychologists throughout the world and help us to understand human behavior. While each year thousands and thousands of studies are completed in the many specialty areas of psycholo


https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/976476

   Top psychological science research in 2022 includes flavor-sensitive fetuses, less-lonely older adults Association for Psychological Science   From a cranky-faced fetus scowling at her mother’s healthy lunch choice to an octogenarian still benefiting from long-ago musical lessons, the most impactful psychological science research published in 2022 reveals that new understandings of human behavior—studied across the lifespan and from within a remarkable diversity of 


https://online.king.edu/news/psychology-experiments/

   Main navigation Articles 7 Famous Psychology Experiments 7 Famous Psychology Experiments  Many famous experiments studying human behavior have impacted our fundamental understanding of psychology. Though some could not be repeated today due to breaches in ethical boundaries, that does not diminish the significance of those psychological studies. Some of these important findings include a greater awareness of depression and its symptoms, how people learn behaviors through the process of associat


https://www.shortform.com/blog/advancements-in-psychology/

   Shortform Books The World's Best Book Summaries Menu Advancements in Psychology Offer New Ways to Heal & Grow This article is an excerpt from the Shortform book guide to "Stealing Fire" by Steven Kotler and Jamie Wheal. Shortform has the world's best summaries and analyses of books you should be reading. Like this article? Sign up for a free trial here. What are some recent advancements in psychology? How are they creating new opportunities for psychological healing and growth? According to Ste


https://www.healthtechzone.com/topics/healthcare/articles/2023/01/11/454583-use-technology-assisted-methods-therapy-psychological-treatments.htm

   Over the last few decades, technology in fields like healthcare and psychology has been advancing rapidly. Wherever one looks, technological advancements can be seen improving both diagnosis and treatment for a wide range of mental health issues. From cognitive behavioral therapy to virtual reality simulations, computer-assisted methods have helped clinicians deliver evidence


https://www.verywellmind.com/timeline-of-modern-psychology-2795599

   A Historical Timeline of Modern Psychology 
A brief look at the people and events that shaped modern psychology Kendra Cherry, MS, is a psychosocial rehabilitation specialist, psychology educator, and author of the "Everything Psychology Book." Emily is a board-certified science editor who has worked with top digital publishing brands like Voices for Biodiversity, Study.com, GoodTherapy, Vox, and Verywell. 
The history of modern psychology spans centuries, with the earliest known mention of cl


